#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
bleach==3.3.0
    # via django-bleach
certifi==2019.6.16
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via odfpy
diff-match-patch==20181111
    # via django-import-export
django-appconf==1.0.3
    # via
    #   django-axes
    #   django-image-cropping
django-autoslug==1.9.6
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-axes==5.0.13
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-bleach==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-choices==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-classy-tags==0.9.0
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   django-sekizai
django-cms==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   djangocms-video
django-filer==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
django-formtools==2.1
    # via django-cms
django-haystack==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ical==1.6.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-image-cropping==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-import-export==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ipware==2.1.0
    # via django-axes
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-mptt
django-leaflet==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-mptt==0.10.0
    # via django-filer
django-password-reset==2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-polymorphic==2.0.3
    # via django-filer
django-recurrence==1.10.1
    # via django-ical
django-rosetta==0.9.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-sekizai==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-cms
django-sniplates==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-solo==1.1.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-treebeard==4.3
    # via django-cms
django-yubin==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django==2.2.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-bleach
    #   django-choices
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-cms
    #   django-filer
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-haystack
    #   django-ical
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-mptt
    #   django-password-reset
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-recurrence
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-sniplates
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   easy-thumbnails
djangocms-admin-style==1.4.0
    # via django-cms
djangocms-attributes-field==1.1.0
    # via
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
djangocms-file==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
djangocms-link==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
djangocms-picture==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
djangocms-text-ckeditor==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
djangocms-video==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
easy-thumbnails==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-filer
    #   djangocms-picture
elasticsearch==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via openpyxl
html2text==2019.9.26
    # via -r requirements/base.in
html5lib==1.0.1
    # via djangocms-text-ckeditor
icalendar==4.0.3
    # via django-ical
idna==2.8
    # via requests
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via openpyxl
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via django-yubin
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
odfpy==1.4.0
    # via tablib
openpyxl==2.6.3
    # via tablib
packaging==20.9
    # via bleach
pillow==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   easy-thumbnails
polib==1.1.0
    # via django-rosetta
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.0
    # via
    #   django-recurrence
    #   icalendar
python-decouple==3.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-dotenv==0.10.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pytz==2019.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-recurrence
    #   django-yubin
    #   icalendar
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via tablib
pyzmail36==1.0.4
    # via django-yubin
requests==2.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-rosetta
sentry-sdk==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
six==1.12.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-image-cropping
    #   django-rosetta
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.0.0
    # via django-import-export
unidecode==1.0.23
    # via django-filer
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.18
    # via -r requirements/base.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
xlrd==1.2.0
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
