# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
black==24.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-bleach
celery==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-yubin
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
coverage==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   svglib
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   odfpy
diff-match-patch==20230430
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-import-export
django==4.2.25
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-bleach
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-cms
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filer
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-haystack
    #   django-ical
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-recurrence
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-sniplates
    #   django-solo
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangocms-admin-style
    #   djangorestframework
    #   easy-thumbnails
django-autoslug==1.9.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-bleach==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-classy-tags==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-cms
    #   django-sekizai
django-cms==3.11.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   djangocms-video
django-debug-toolbar==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-filer==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
django-filter==23.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-formtools==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-cms
django-haystack==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-ical==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-import-export==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-filer
django-recurrence==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-ical
django-rosetta==0.9.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-sekizai==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-cms
django-sniplates==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-solo==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-treebeard==4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-cms
django-webtest==1.9.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-yubin==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangocms-admin-style==3.2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-cms
djangocms-attributes-field==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
djangocms-file==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangocms-link==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangocms-picture==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangocms-text-ckeditor==5.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangocms-video==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
easy-thumbnails==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-filer
    #   djangocms-picture
elasticsearch==7.17.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   openpyxl
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==19.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
icalendar==5.0.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-ical
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
isort==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
kombu==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   svglib
mail-parser==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-yubin
markuppy==1.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   django-cms
    #   django-haystack
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   reportlab
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-rosetta
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-recurrence
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   icalendar
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-yubin
    #   icalendar
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
redis==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
reportlab==4.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   svglib
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-rosetta
sentry-sdk==2.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mail-parser
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   mail-parser
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
svglib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   easy-thumbnails
tablib==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-import-export
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
wcwidth==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
